c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\WorkerRolePC.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\WorkerRolePC.dll.config
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\WorkerRolePC.pdb
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\carloshsteles\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AzureCloudPC\AzureCloudPC\obj\Debug\WorkerRolePC\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
